Helper scripts for Bazaar
=========================

The scripts located in this directory are basic helpers to make your
access to the ABINIT Forge easier and more efficient. They have not been
tuned for dummies though, which means that they do not check the
relevance and sensibility of their arguments.

You might have to edit the scripts if your login on the ABINIT Forge is
different from the one you have on your machine. Just fill the
"archive_user" variable in such a case.

Documentation about Bazaar may be found in "~abinit/doc/versioning".



abinit-forge-branch
-------------------

This script is meant to facilitate the downloads and uploads of branch
revisions from/into the ABINIT Forge. To get detailed instructions on
how to use it, just call it without arguments.



bzr-get-branches
----------------

This script creates a local Bazaar repository, fetches the Abinit
branches corresponding to a specified revision, and automagically sets
the push and pull URLs. In addition, it makes the trunk available
locally to speed-up synchronization merges.

Note: the repository location has to be set manually by editing the
script before running it for the first time. 



bzr-publish
-----------

This script enables the mirroring of private branches into public ones.
It is meant to be used without arguments from a fully configured private
branch, i.e. where push and pull URLs are properly set. It will only
operate if these conditions are met.



bzr-resolve
-----------

This script helps resolving merge conflicts as automatically as
possible. It then uses kdiff3 to bring the conflicts that can only be
resolved manually to the attention of the developer. This script does
not take any argument.

Note: you must install kdiff3 on your system before being able to use
this script. See http://kdiff3.sourceforge.net/ for details.



bzr-make-patch
--------------

This script creates a universal patch containing all the changes that
have occurred in a bzr branch. It is meant to be run from within a bzr
working tree. You may optionally specify a starting revision, in order
to include only your latest changes. To get detailed instructions on how
to use it, just call it without arguments.

